1. What was your contribution to Phase 1?

I focused on coding classes Template, DailyTemplate, 
MonthlyTemplate, TemplateManager, Template System and java doc of them

2. In what ways did your team work well together?
The whole phase1 was separated by three parts. Each group of two to 
three people worked on each part. After that, all of us worked on textui class together.

3. In what ways can your team work better together for Phase 2?

We will also separate phase2 in several parts, two or three people as a group
will focus on them. Each week, a leader group of two or three people will supervise 
and manage all working materials.

4.What are some concrete ways to ensure your team works well together for Phase 2? (examples: use a productivity app, set staggered deadlines so that two people who need each other's code are not expected to finish on the same day, etc)

Each week, a leader group of two or three people supervised and managed 
all working materials, we usually had a meeting on Zoom and shared our coding outcomes and questions.

5. What can your teammates do to make your life easier for Phase 2?

When I face some problems in phase2 that I am not able to work out, they will come to my 
zoom meeting and I will share my screen, then they could help me to find out several solutions.

6. What can you do to help out your teammates for Phase 2?

Since my time is flexible. When their time schedule is tight, I can spare time to help them 
complete some tasks within my capacity. If they feel a little bit stressful, they could also 
talk their situations with me.

7.Describe one design decision that you participated in. What were the options? Which did you chose? Why?
In Template class, I used to choose two arraylists to store the templates’ ids and templates. 
However, we found that it is not that efficient after communicating with our TA. 
Then, I decided to use a Hashmap to replace the original two lists. The key values were 
templateIds and the values were templates.